Must ignore unknown parameters (#464)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme.md

invalid or otherwise untrusted.

The header field MAY also include the standard "realm" parameter, if desired.

> Issuance protocols MAY require other parameters. Clients MUST ignore unknown
> parameters in challenges.

Author: ```suggestion
Issuance protocols MAY define other parameters, some of which might be required.
Clients MUST ignore parameters in challenges that are not defined for the issuance
protocol corresponding to the token type in the challenge.
```
